[MUSIC PLAYING]
[INAUDIBLE]
[INAUDIBLE] practice
here [INAUDIBLE]
the northern province, they
call it here, [INAUDIBLE]..
And it isn't that complete.
[INAUDIBLE] so we call it a
[? quartet ?] [INAUDIBLE]..
But [INAUDIBLE] is an
accordion and the piano.
The [? hearing ?]
[? aids, are done, ?]
by the way--
[? Echo. ?]
You can [INAUDIBLE]
come over here.
The [? fellows ?]
are Ali Crawford,
[? Selga ?] [? Tigard, ?] and
David [? Rice. ?] Accordianist
is Tom [? Maguire, ?] and
the pianist is Mrs. Crawford.
Now the [INAUDIBLE] [? Rita's ?]
first [? act, ?] [? The ?]
[? Man ?] [? Behind ?] [? the ?]
[? Bar, ?] the [INAUDIBLE]
on the London [INAUDIBLE].
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[INAUDIBLE]
[INAUDIBLE] [? might ?] [? be ?]
[? the ability ?] [INAUDIBLE]..
And [? just ?] [? so you ?]
[? know, ?] there originally
members of the [INAUDIBLE]
which we picked.
And they were from [INAUDIBLE].
[? But the ?] [INAUDIBLE]
[? said the ?] [INAUDIBLE]
[? three. ?] That's the full
[? complement ?] of [INAUDIBLE]
[? fellows ?]
[? to the garden ?]
[? piano. ?]
The accomplishments
and [INAUDIBLE]..
[INAUDIBLE] had a [INAUDIBLE]
conversation with [INAUDIBLE]..
But a [? podcast ?] from
[INAUDIBLE] [? conversations ?]
[INAUDIBLE].
And last October, they went
to Dublin for the [INAUDIBLE]
competition with [INAUDIBLE].
And they were sent to me
[? in ?] [? the ?] [INAUDIBLE]..
They were up against
the [? band, ?]
but the [INAUDIBLE].
And [INAUDIBLE] [? switch ?]
[? claims ?] [INAUDIBLE]..
[? And ?] I probably will
[? pay ?] [INAUDIBLE]..
A [? couple examples ?]
[INAUDIBLE] from the dollar.
[INAUDIBLE]
I said we're through with it.
And it's [? gone. ?] They
should be able to [? use it ?]
[INAUDIBLE].
[INAUDIBLE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[INAUDIBLE] [? hard ?]
[? work ?] [INAUDIBLE]
Something.
And [INAUDIBLE].
[MUSIC PLAYING]